##Compilation

When running sample.lua script, run from the A4 directory.
No other changes from the default premake4/make combination and assumptions.
Completed on lab computer gl23.student.cs

##Manual

I used meshes to create cubes, because of this I chose to consider cubes as meshes and generate bounding spheres
for them for additional performance.

I've excluded any mesh called 'plane' from having a bounding sphere since they take up the whole screen.

Note that my bounding spheres are a fair bit larger than the meshes themselves, this is becuase to generate them,
I created a bounding box by finding the min and max values of all the verticies, then place a sphere around that
bounding box. This means the spheres will be a bit large, but still vary with the meshes size.

In order to render the bounding volumes, uncomment the #define RENDER_BOUNDING_VOLUMES in Mesh.hpp.

For a demonstration of the performance of bounding spheres, the USE_BOUNDING_SPHERES macro can be defined in Mesh.hpp.
When rendering sample.lua without ANTI_ALIASING, using bounding spheres takes 10.1932 s, and without bounding spheres 
takes 14.5353 s.

sample.lua is currently setup to render a 512x512 image but I did not have time to make the render since im writing this
in the last few minutes. The screenshots of sample.lua that ive provided are 216x216 but provide a good demonstration of
the antialiasing's effect.

For my extention, I implemented regular sampling anti aliasing. This can be turned on and off using the ANTI_ALIASING
variable in A4.cpp.

For a demonstration of the anti aliasing, compare sample_noAA.png which has no anti aliasing with sample.png which does.

My unique scene is a tastefully random combination of assorted shapes and transformations. There is a white light in the
front left with quadratic decay, a white light in the middle of it all thats quite dim and has no decay, and a blue light 
far above the middle of it all with no decay. I've included the dodeca.obg as my mesh, a squashed cube, a plane in the back
to cast some shadows on and a bunch of spheres.  In the middle theres two red spheres, the one on the left is very 
reflective while the one on the right is matte.

No additional meaningful details or assumptions have been made that were not included in the specification.

